Feabas GUI
1st window data prep and volume info
2nd window data preprocessing (histogram matching (groovy script) and possibly n2v/structn2v training using careamics
3rd window montaging in xy (selectable subsets so one can test montage settings) with option to render image to check quality of stitching (potentially zoom ins on overlap area in 2 color overlay?)
4th window intermediate data prep step namely creating masks to be used in alignment. Masks according to feabas documentation. Should include tissue mask and unet to detect folds.
5th window alignment window with appropriate settings / configs and again option to run on only a subset to test params. Here it would be nice if one could include an option to detect feature points in a certain biological structure (eg nuclei detected by yolo-seg or similar) as an alternative to classic feabas features (this should be an alternative not change anything in the main workflow. if you come up with something good include it.
The idea in general is to allow a user to select something they deem well suited for alignment instead of random features they do not know where they are. eg some researchers may care about nucleus ultrastructure so they may want to focus alignment on these, some may have lots of mitochondria bloodvessels or similar. This should then be selectable somehow.
More windows for more feabas steps. Basically full feabas pipeline should be runnable from gui with the inclusion of data prep and directory setup, feabas installation (or better fully packable as exe) graphics card handling for the deep models etc.
We try to take the coding part out and understanding features out of the users hand and give them something easy to grasp. As a viewer we could use VASTlite by daniel berger or FIJI it is just important that loading data to inspect results is seamless also for big data.
Typical volume sizes are around 1tb (80k80k in xy and many sections).
If you found windows to include or move in their respective order to follow feabas better, i am fine with it. Feabas directories have to be cleaned up if you want to rerun a step so we have to consider a clear button to remove old failed attempts and recover to an earlier state.
